Pan os edit url category fix bug (#23833)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_16_2.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Fixed an issue where the ***pan-os-edit-custom-url-category*** command failed in some occasions.

Reviewer: we should be more specific here

Author: done, let me know what you think

> - Fixed an issue where the ***pan-os-edit-custom-url-category*** command failed in some occasions.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***pan-os-edit-custom-url-category*** command failed when the URL category had existing sites with the character ampersand.
```
